static keyword
--------------

There will be times when you will want to define a class member that will be used independently of any object 
of that class. Normally, a class member must be accessed only in conjunction with an object of its class. 
However, it is possible to create a member that can be used by itself, without reference to a specific instance.
To create such a member, precede its declaration with the keyword "static". When a member is declared static, 
it can be accessed before any objects of its class are created, and without reference to any object. You can 
declare both methods and variables to be static. The most common example of a static member is main( ) , which 
is declared as static because it must be called before any objects exist.


Instance variables declared as static are, essentially, global variables. When objects of its class are declared,
no copy of a static variable is made. Instead, all instances of the class share the same static variable.

Methods declared as static have several restrictions:

    -> They can only directly call other static methods of their class.

    -> They can only directly access static variables of their class.

    -> They cannot refer to this or super in any way.


If we need to do computation in order to initialize our static variables, we can declare a "static block" that 
gets executed exactly once, when the class is first loaded. Even before the main is called (if it exist).
Also called "static initializer". Example :

    public class Demo{
        static int a=4;
        static int b;

        static {
            System.out.println("static block initialized");
            b = a*4;
        }

        public static void main(String[] args){
            System.out.println("Main is called.");
        }

    }

    output :
        static block initialized
        Main is called.


Inside the class in which they are defined , static methods / variables can be accessed directly.

Outside of the class in which they are defined, static methods and variables can be used independently of any 
object. To do so, you need only specify the name of their class followed by the dot operator.
Syntax :
            classname.staticVariable
            classname.staticMethod()            // assuming proper access modifiers are set.

            Here, classname is the name of the class in which the static method/variable is declared.
